- [Instructor] Before we begin,
let's explore what skills and knowledge you will need.
This course is aimed at intermediate and advanced developers
who want to build and deploy serverless applications
in AWS Lambda with the Java programming language.
In order to truly be successful in this course,
you should have experience with Java server-side development
and advanced understanding of web concepts,
such as implementing REST APIs.
An understanding of the AWS cloud system is a benefit,
however, it is not required.
We will be setting up our account
and environment from scratch.
Throughout this course, we will be using Java 11.
This is the latest supported version of Java on AWS Lambda.
You will also need an IDE, I'll be using IntelliJ,
you can use Java IDE of your choice.